Enable multiple deployers in `skaffold.yaml` (#3392)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/deployers.md

The `deploy` section in the Skaffold configuration file, `skaffold.yaml`,
controls how Skaffold builds artifacts. To use a specific tool for deploying
artifacts, add the value representing the tool and options for using the tool

> to the `deploy` section. You may even use different tools at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `deploy` section. You may even use a combination of each available deployment approach at the same time.
```

Author: I'll not apply this suggestion right now, to not interfere with the kokoro run. But please go ahead and apply this if you think it's ready for merging!

Reviewer: I just pushed it - will merge as soon as kokoro is done again :)
